Visualization - Making Graphs

Three important Libraries:
	Matplotlib - Basic graphs. Subpackage used is pyplot(present within matplotlib)
	Seaborn - Used on top of Matplotlib to give better textures and so on...
	Plotly -  Build interactive graphs.(Commercial)
	
Continuous Variable Plots:

	Continuous Variables : Continuous variables are numeric variables that have an infinite number of values between any two values. 
	                       A continuous variable can be numeric or date/time. eg. Price, Sales, Distance, etc.
 	                       
	1) Histogram --> sns.distplot() for 1-D plot takes 1 pandas series as inp.
	2) ScatterPlot --> sns.jointplot() for 2-D plot  takes 2 pandas series as inp.
	3) sns.pairplot for 2-D plot takes 1 pandas DF as inp. each colmn in DF is plotted against remaining colmns of DF.
	   Also each induvisual columns histogram will be present.
	   
Categorical and Continuous Variable Plots:

	Categorical variables : Categorical variables contain a finite number of categories or distinct groups. eg. Gender, Marital Status, etc.
	
	1) ScatterPlot --> sns.stripplot() for 2-D plot takes 2 pandas series as inp where 1 of the series is a Categorical Variable.
					   Here scatterponts overlap.
					   {jitter = True spreads the ponts , jitter = False places all points on one single line.}
	2) ScatterPlot --> sns.swarmplot() for 2-D plot takes 2 pandas series as inp where 1 of the series is a Categorical Variable.
					   Positions each scatterplot point on the categorical axis and avoids overlapping points.
	3) BoxPlot -->     sns.boxplot() for 2-D plot takes 2 pandas series as inp where 1 of the series is a Categorical Variable.
					   This kind of plot shows the three quartile values of the distribution along with extreme values.
					   Additional panda series can be passed as with argument 'hue' to get additional graph on same plot.
	4) Bar Chart -->   sns.barplot() for 2-D plot takes 2 pandas series as inp where 1 of the series is a Categorical Variable.
					   Additional panda series can be passed as with argument 'hue' to get additional graph on same plot.
	5) Histogram -->   sns.countplot() for 1-D plot takes 1 pandas series as inp which is a Categorical Variable.
					   Additional panda series can be passed as with argument 'hue' to get additional graph on same plot.
	6) Pointplot -->   sns.pointplot() for 2-D plot takes 2 pandas series as inp where 1 of the series is a Categorical Variable.
					   Additional panda series can be passed as with argument 'hue' to get additional graph on same plot.
	7) Catagorical --> sns.catplot()
	
	Linear Regression Model : 
		sns.lmplot()for 2-D plot takes 2 pandas series as inp gives line of best fit with scatterplot.
		Additional panda series can be passed as with argument 'hue' to get additional graph on same plot.